Things I do that make it really hard to
manipulate me. Part two, use a
microphone. Now you cannot complain and
you can't hear me. Number one, I don't
beg for clarity. If it's not clear, I
leave. Number two, I study patterns, not
promises. How often have people promised
you the word? Exactly. It's always the
actions that show the true character of
a person. Number three, don't explain
boundaries and force them. I say it once
and if someone decides to cross this
boundary, I leave. People in my life are
very well aware that if they want to
stay in my life, they need to follow my
rules, my standards, and they need to
respect my boundaries. Number four, I
never get too impressed by attention. I
care more about the intention. You can
give me all the attention in the world.
If your intention is wrong, you have to
go. Number five, I do not fall for
emotional highs. I wait till the moment
arrives where I can see how they react
when I say no. I noticed that people can
be so nice, but once you're not agreeing
with them, you say no. You are enforcing
your boundaries, they are not so nice
anymore. A red flag. It only shows they
prefer the version they have of me in
their head than the real version of me
that actually sits in front of them.
Number six, I let people think they have
fooled me while I'm already detaching. I
always play a little dump and act like
that I have no idea of what's going on.
And that gives me space to detach in
silence to remove myself mentally and
energetically from a person without them
even knowing. Number seven, I do not
react with passive aggression. If
something doesn't sit well with me, I
respond with absence. Not everything
deserves my energy and especially things
that don't sit well with me. Very
careful with how and where I spend my
energy on. If you do something I don't
like, I could be mentally already gone
before I'm physically gone. Number
eight, when I feel unsure about
something, about someone, I never ask
for reassurance. Never try to find
answers in words. I regulate myself. I
zoom out. I observe and then I decide.
Number nine, I never feel the silence
just to keep the peace. Silence is very
powerful. You use it intentionally. It
speaks more than words. So when a
conversation is going nowhere, I do not
force myself to feel